MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 evenmiles

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

===============================================

Third Party Licenses:

The Redis project (https://redis.io/) is independent of this client library, and
is licensed separately under the three clause BSD license. The full license
information can be viewed here: https://redis.io/topics/license

The development solution uses the StackExchange.Redis package from nuget
(https://www.nuget.org/packages/StackExchange.Redis) by Stack Overflow.
This is licensed under the MIT license; full details are available here:
https://github.com/StackExchange/StackExchange.Redis/blob/main/LICENSE

The development solution uses the Newtonsoft.Json package from nuget
(https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json) by Newtonsoft.
This is licensed under the MIT license; full details are available here:
https://github.com/JamesNK/Newtonsoft.Json/blob/master/LICENSE.md
